hi my name is Lisa Hoeppner and I'm
going to take you through a meditation
right now and give you detailed
step-by-step meditation instructions on
how to meditate so let's get started now
I'm going to first turn on some
meditation music here you want to pick
some soft calming soothing music oops
okay now it's important to have soft
soothing music but you don't want to
have music like Beethoven or Bach
because that actually increases brain
activity and creativity which you don't
want during meditation now before we get
started with the meditation I want to
make clear that it's important to not
have any distractions so you're gonna
want to turn off your cell phone lock
yourself up into a room make sure that
family and friends know that you're
meditating and not to disturb you and
make sure that it sounds like somebody's
that they're lawnmower going just one
second excuse me could you stop mowing
the lawn I'm trying to meditate okay
there we go
so if there's any distractions or if
anybody needs you you'll just have to
ask them to politely wait until you're
done with your meditation now it's
important to have correct meditation
posture I want you to sit with your legs
crossed now if you're right-handed
you're gonna want your right leg to be
on top
and if you're left-handed you want your
left leg to be on top and I'm going to
invite you to close your eyes but
there's a little caveat we want your
eyeballs to be pointed upward so point
your eyes upward with your eyelids
closed now take your index finger and
your thumb and touch them together but
make sure your palms are up you
definitely don't want to meditate with
your palms facing downward you also
don't want to have your middle finger
and your thumb be touching it's
important that your index finger and
your thumb are touching that's the
proper way to meditate now here's the
really important thing you're going to
want to have your neck tilted exactly 10
degrees upward now you might need a
protractor for this one you can get a
protractor at the dollar store or maybe
if you have kids that might have a
protractor because you don't want your
head tilted beyond 10 degrees in either
direction now we're gonna start our
breathing I'd like you to take some
breaths through your nose not your mouth
through your nose now obviously if you
have allergies or if you're stuffed up
or if you have a cold you're not going
to be able to meditate right now you
want to wait until your nasal passages
are clear and when you're ready the most
important thing is do not think okay so
I hope you realize that I've been kind
of pulling your leg here
joking with you now I'm not trying to be
mean and obviously I help you take this
in the light playful way that it's
intended but it's honestly laughable on
some classes some techniques things in
the past that I've heard of and that
I've heard others be taught about
meditation that it's a technical and if
you're doing this if you're touching
your middle finger then it's not right
or if you're not breathing through your
left nostril then you're meditating
wrong and really I'm here to say that
let's throw all that out the window
because meditation is easy and it's fun
it's really about being fully present in
the moment and in that moment there's an
awareness of the truth of who you are
beyond your thoughts beyond your body
beyond your mind and I want to help you
meditate easily and simply so I'm going
to invite you to go to project meditate
calm and fill in your name and your
email address you're going to get a free
report and access to how to meditation
videos that I promise I'll be more
serious on and actually show you how to
meditate because my goal is to make
meditation fun and easy